-- Information for ZPack Vanilla Plus (Pre-Release, v0.36) --


Your vanilla, better than ever!
This texture pack is for Minecraft: Java Edition (1.21.7)

General feature list:

	Highlights:
		Generic GUI tool and armour sprites are replaced with netherite ones (Armour bar, status effects, etc.)
		Food bar sprites are golden carrots instead of generic meat shanks.
		Raw copper + ores are no longer oxidised.
		Creeper is based on a current leaf texture.
		Armour items are squarer.
		Leather item is darker.
		
	
	Blocks:
		Beets, carrots, and potatoes vegetable coloured pixels won't show until fully grown.
		Copper ores + raw copper block have oxidisation removed
		
	Mobs:
		Creeper uses a more modern leaf texture as its base.
		
	Graphical UI:
		Armour heads-up sprites are based on the netherite chestplate.
		Experience bar heads-up sprites are based on the Bottle o enchanting.
		Food heads-up sprites are based on the golden carrot.
		Heart textures are smoother and more consistent.
		Hot-bar attack indicator heads-up sprites are based on the netherite sword.
		Recipe book filters are based on 2 dimensional crafting tables and furnaces.
		Shield slot is rectangular.
		Statistic sprite for "Block mined" is based on the netherite pickaxe.
		Statistic sprite for "Item broken" is based on the netherite shovel.
		Tool, weapon, and armour slots shapes align with the item textures in this pack.
		
	Items:
		Armour and elytra items are squarer.
		Leather item is darker.
		Mace's breeze rod sticks through the heavy core.
		Raw copper has its oxidisation removed.
		Tool and weapon items are smoother.
		
	Status Effects:
		Mining fatigue and haste are based on the netherite pickaxe.
		Weakness and strength effects are based on the netherite sword.

Changelog:
	Updated Info.txt file name.
	Updated Information.txt structure and formatting.
	Overwrote leather.png.
	Added stick.png.
	Added carrot_on_a_stick.png.
	Added warped_fungus_on_a_stick.png.
	Added fishing_rod.png.
	Added fishing_rod_cast.png.
	Updated every wooden, stone, iron, gold, and diamond tool and weapon.
	Updated experience_bar_progress.png.
	Updated to v0.36!
	
	
-- Information (Version 2) for ZPack Vanilla Plus (Pre-Release) --
