-- Information for ZPack Vanilla Plus (Pre-Release, Java) --


Your vanilla, better than ever!
--------------------------------------------------
This texture pack is for Minecraft: Java Edition, (1.21.7+)

General feature list:

	Highlight Features:
		Generic UI tool and armour sprites are replaced with netherite ones (Armour bar, status effects, etc.)
		Food bar sprites are golden carrots instead of generic meat shanks.
		Raw copper item/block + copper ores are no longer oxidised.
		Creeper is based on a modern leaf texture.
		Armour items are squarer.
		Leather item is darker.

	
	Blocks:
		Beetroots, carrots, and potatoes vegetable coloured pixels won't show until fully grown.
		Copper ores + raw copper block have oxidisation removed
		
	Mobs:
		Creeper uses a modern leaf texture as its base.
		
	Graphical UI:
		Armour heads-up sprites are based on the netherite chestplate.
		Experience bar heads-up sprites are based on the Bottle o enchanting.
		Food heads-up sprites are based on the golden carrot.
		Heart textures are smoother and more consistent.
		Hot-bar attack indicator heads-up sprites are based on the netherite sword.
		Recipe book filters are based on 2 dimensional crafting tables and furnaces.
		Shield slot is rectangular.
		Statistic sprite for "Block mined" is based on the netherite pickaxe.
		Statistic sprite for "Item broken" is based on the netherite shovel.
		Tool, weapon, and armour slots shapes align with the item textures in this pack.
		
	Items:
		Armour and elytra items are squarer.
		Creeper spawn egg is based on a modern leaf texture.
		Leather item is darker.
		Mace's breeze rod sticks through the heavy core.
		Raw copper has its oxidisation removed.
		Tool and weapon items are smoother.
		
	Status Effects:
		Mining fatigue and haste are based on the netherite pickaxe.
		Weakness and strength effects are based on the netherite sword.

Changelog:
	Added creeper spawn egg.
	Updated status effects sprites.
	Updated statistics sprites.
	Updated hotbar attack indicator progress sprite.
	--------------------------------------------------
	Updated to v0.39!
	
	
-- Information-Java (Version 4) for ZPack Vanilla Plus: Java Edition (Pre-Release) --
