-- About ZPack Vanilla Plus (Pre-Release, v0.35) --


Your vanilla, better than ever!
This pack is for Minecraft: Java Edition (1.21.7)

General feature list:

	Highlights:
		Raw copper + ores no longer appear oxidised.
		Creeper is based on a current leaf texture.
		Generic tools and armour are replaced with netherite ones (Armour bar, effects etc.)
		Food bar sprites are golden carrots instead of generic meat shanks.
		Leather + items made of leather are a consistently dark colour.
		Armour items are square to match the models.
		
	
	Blocks:
		Copper ores + raw copper block have oxidisation removed
		Beets, carrots, and potatoes vegetable coloured pixels won't show until fully grown.
		
	Mobs:
		Creeper uses a more modern leaf texture as its base.
		Camel, pig, and strider saddles are darker.
		
	Graphical UI:
		Tool, weapon, and armour slots shapes with the item textures in this pack.
		Shield slot is rectangular.
		Heart textures are smoother and more consistent.
		Armour heads-up sprites are based on the netherite chestplate.
		Experience bar heads-up sprites are based on the Bottle o enchanting.
		Food heads-up sprites are based on the golden carrot.
		Hot-bar attack indicator heads-up sprites are based on the netherite sword.
		Recipe book filters are based on 2 dimensional crafting tables and furnaces.
		Statistics for "Block mined" and "Item broken" are based on the netherite pickaxe and netherite shovel respectively.
		
	Items:
		Armour and elytra items are squarer.
		Tool and weapon items are smoother.
		Leather item is darker.
		Mace's breeze rod sticks through the heavy core.
		Raw copper has its oxidisation removed.
		
	Status Effects:
		Weakness and strength effects are based on the netherite sword.
		Mining fatigue and haste are based on the netherite pickaxe.

Changelog:
	Refreshed many textures.
	Updated documentation format.
	Removed some textures.
	Updated pack image.
	Updated pack description.
	Updated to v0.35: The Fresh Start update!
	
	
-- "Information (Version 1)" for ZPack Vanilla Plus (Pre-Release) --
