-- About ZPack Vanilla+ Resources (Pre-Release, v0.33) --

This pack is for Minecraft: Java Edition (1.21.5)
Please note that this pack is incomplete, and anything may change sometime in the future.

Main Features:
	Instances of generic tools/armour are replaced with netherite ones.
	Oxidisation is removed from raw copper and copper ores.
	Armour items are squarer.
	
	Other little tweaks, like golden carrots for hunger, leafy Creepers, and smoother tools.
	Many other small but nice changes. Every change is listed below.

Every Feature:

	Blocks:
		Beetroots', carrots', and potatoes' non-green pixels can only be seen when fully grown.
		Oxidisation is removed from all copper ore blocks.
		Destroy stages form a lightning bolt shaped 'Z'.
		Pebbles are removed from dirt and grass.
	
	Entity:
		Creeper is leafy and darker.
	
	GUI:
		Armour and heart sprite backgrounds are translucent
		Crafting table and furnace recipe filters are 2D.
		Experience bar HUD elements have brown outlines.
		Heart sprites are smoothed and more consistent.
		Armour HUD sprites are netherite chestplates.
		Shield slot is based on the shield model.
		Attack indicators are netherite swords.
		Hunger sprites are golden carrots.
		Armour slots are squarer.
	
	Items:
		Mace's breeze rod is piercing all the way through the heavy core.
		Oxidisation is removed from raw copper.
		Armour items are squarer.
		Tools are smoother.
		Elytra is squarer.
 		Leather is darker.
	
	Mob Effects:
		Mining fatigue is a broken netherite pickaxe.
		Weakness is a broken netherite sword.
		Strength is a netherite sword.
		Haste is a netherite pickaxe.
		
Changelog;
	- Partially reverted previous modifications to pack.png
	- Modified many of the tool textures
	- Added leather.png
	- Added mace.png
	- Modified description in pack.mcmeta
	- Added stick.png
	- Added carrot_on_a_stick.png
	- Added warped_fungus_on_a_stick.png
	
	Updated to v0.33.
		
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoy the pack.
	- ZwhatMC


-- 'AboutZPack.txt' (v0.33) for ZPack Vanilla+ Resources (Pre-Release) --
